logging docs: mention other sinks (#471)
stackabletech/documentation: modules/tutorials/pages/logging-vector-aggregator.adoc

[source,yaml]
include::example$logging-aggregator/vector-aggregator-discovery.yaml[]

and apply it:

[source,bash]
include::example$logging-aggregator/main.sh[tag=vector-discovery]

== Install ZooKeeper

Now that the aggregator is running, you can install a ZooKeeper cluster which is configured to send logs to the aggregator.

Create a file called `zookeeper.yaml` with the following ZookeeperCluster definition:

[source,yaml]
include::example$logging-aggregator/zookeeper.yaml[]

<1> This is the reference to the discovery ConfigMap created in the previous step.
<2> This is the logging configuration, where logging is first enabled and then a few settings are made.

and apply it:

[source,bash]
include::example$logging-aggregator/main.sh[tag=zk]

TIP: You can learn more about how to configure logging in a product at the xref:concepts:logging.adoc[logging concept documentation].

== Watch the logs

During startup, ZooKeeper already prints out log messages.
Vector was configured to print the aggregated logs to `stderr`, so if you look at the logs of the Vector pod, you will see the ZooKeeper logs:

[source,bash]
include::example$logging-aggregator/main.sh[tag=grep]

> You should see a JSON oject per ZooKeeper replica printed that look like

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should see a JSON object per ZooKeeper replica printed that looks like
```

[source,json]
{
  "cluster": "simple-zk",
  "container": "zookeeper",
  "file": "zookeeper.log4j.xml",
  "level": "INFO",
  "logger": "org.apache.zookeeper.server.ZooKeeperServer",
  "message": "Server environment:zookeeper.version=3.8.0-5a02a05eddb59aee6ac762f7ea82e92a68eb9c0f, built on 2022-02-25 08:49 UTC",
  "namespace": "default",
  "pod": "simple-zk-server-default-0",
  "role": "server",
  "roleGroup": "default",
  "source_type": "vector",
  "timestamp": "2023-11-06T10:30:40.223Z"
}

The JSON object contains a timestamp, the log message, log level and some additional information.

You can see the same log line in the log output of the ZooKeeper container:

[source]

> kubectl logs --container=zookeeper simple-zk-server-default-0 | grep "zookeeper.version="

Reviewer: ```suggestion
kubectl logs \
  --container=zookeeper simple-zk-server-default-0 \
  | grep "zookeeper.version="
```
